Off Campus - UCF Parking Services
Skip to main content
Off-Campus Shuttles
There are 10 routes that serve 23 off-campus apartment complexes and Central Florida Research Park. For the safety of passengers on board, shuttles will only stop at designated stops and there are no intermediate stops along the way.
A valid UCF ID is required prior to boarding UCF Shuttles
.
Shuttles operate on scheduled class days (except Saturdays).
Shuttle service operates Monday – Thursday 6:30am – 10:00pm and Fridays from 6:30am to 8:00pm. During the Spring and Fall exam week, shuttles services will begin at 5:30AM.
Route #
Apartment Complex Names
On-Campus Stop Location
1
Knights Circle
Student Union – Bay A
2
College Station / Boardwalk
Transit Center – Bay A
3
The Verge /  Aves at Twelve100
Transit Center – Bay E
4
Lark Central Florida / Mercury 3100 /
Campus Crossings
Transit Center – Bay F
5
Nine at Central / Village at Science Drive / Knights Landing
Research 1 Loop – Bay A
6
Northgate Lakes / Tivoli / NorthView
Research 1 Loop – Bay B
7
The Pointe at Central
Transit Center – Bay G
8
Riverwind at Alafaya / The Station
Research 1 Loop – Bay C
9
Plaza on University / Accolade East and West / Arden Villas
Student Union – Bay B
10
The Lofts / Orion on Orpington
Transit Center – Bay H
TBD
Coming soon – The Rook, Verve and Vibe
TBD
*For routes that are located further than one-mile radius of main campus, passengers should allow ample commute time of at least 30 minutes.
OFF-CAMPUS SHUTTLE APPLICATION
Shuttle Guide
Shuttle Maps GPS Tracker
Did you know?
Shuttles do not operate on non-class days
Martin Luther King’s Birthday
Memorial Day
Independence Day
Labor Day
Veteran’s Day
Thanksgiving
Groome Transportation Dispatch:
321-408-0212
For the safety of passengers on board, shuttles will only stop at designated stops and there are no intermediate stops along the way. A valid UCF ID is required to access all UCF shuttles with the exception of the Pegasus Express intra campus shuttle. Students can also access shuttles with a photo of their UCF ID or picture of class schedule shown on their mobile devices (or have the ability to log into My UCF portal using their mobile devices).