POST TITLE: Why does UCF not have any good apartment options?

I'm 95% certain I'll choose UCF and attend in the fall. I'm right now looking for housing and every apartment I'm seeing has terrible reviews. Then I decided to look at apartment style dorms and those were just as bad. Dorms are not the best option for me, a few months ago I was diagnosed with an IBD so having a private bathroom I have access to 24/7 is important to me. I honestly don't know what I should do, if y'all have lived at any decent apartment that is furnished please let me know so I can look into it. Thank you!

Have you look at Orion on Orpington? It’s full of UCF students.

Yes! I am a UCF alumni who graduated a few years ago and I have seen many people complain about housing but I stayed at 3 different places (1 on campus, 2 off campus apartments) and I never had any issue besides 1 roommate who wasn’t that clean. I have positive opinions about the places I stayed during my time but I never found the need to write a review.

You’re going to find bad reviews everywhere you look, some are valid and some aren’t. I’ve lived in three separate complexes in the past 4-5 years so I’ll give you some advice that may be useful in your apartment search:
If you don’t have any roommates lined up, choose a place that has an app like RoomSync where you can look at people’s profiles and talk/meet with them BEFORE you choose them as a roommate. It’s how I met my current roommates at the Village at Science Drive and I adore them. I would NOT trust any complex that has you fill out a form and matches roommates for you. That has never once worked out well for me.
In my experience, apartments on the first floor means you don’t have to carry heavy stuff up and down stairs, but it also could mean more bugs getting into your apartment and raccoons eating your garbage.
There are a lot of new student living apartments being built in the area that seem super cool and modern and are super tempting but PLEASE be careful. Those new shiny apartments tend to attract inconsiderate entitled party people (look at you Retreat East). Some of those apartment complexes have been built very quickly in order to finish before students move in, and it leads to faulty wiring, poor planning, and other horrible issues.
All that being said, here are places I do NOT RECOMMEND:
Retreat East, poor management and its not in a very safe location
Arden Villas, built in a flood zone which becomes apparent during a hurricane and your first floor apartment floods. A student was also murdered by a maintenance man a few years ago unfortunately 
The Nine, remember how i said to beware of shiny, new, hastily constructed apartments? yeah this is what I’m referring to. They don’t have enough parking spots to accommodate all their residents (even tho those people paid for a parking pass) and I’ve heard horror stories of the construction errors such as water pouring out of the light fixtures during a storm.
Good luck and happy apartment hunting, I hope it goes well for you


Northview is very nice for student housing and gives you your own bathroom

Mercury has huge rooms and common areas. Private bathroom and walk-in closets. 3x3 and 4x4 available

Knights circle is actually pretty decent. It is going up in price though (rip) but at least they don’t lie to you; what you see is what you get. Just pray you have good roommates.

I have heard good things (and also not good things) about Mercury 1000, College Station, The Pointe (only some units have private bathrooms), The Quad, and Knight's Circle. They all have their flaws haha.

I would stay away from the Retreats (West and East), Arden Villas, The Aves, and the Verge. If you are a freshman look into Northview Apartment style dorms.

The most cost friendly option on the list would probably be The Pointe or College Station.

The lofts- highly recommended

I had a great experience living at The Pointe at Central for 4 years :) the 2*2 (private bathroom) was around $850.

You're not guaranteed a dorm after Freshman year anyway. Knight Circle was a great option for my son.


Knights circle wasn’t too bad when I was there from spring 2018 to winter 2019
