POST TITLE: What's the worst housing in the UCF area?

I always hear questions asking what the best housing is, but I want to know what the absolute worst housing is in the area. Whether it be horror stories about bad rooms, bad management, bad maintenance, or bad roommates, I wanna hear it.


I mean I can only think of one place that had a tenant murdered because they gave room keys to every worker, and also had flooding so severe that it became condemned government property for a while: Arden Villas


Tivoli, hands down. Management sucks, maintenance sucks, neighbors are super inconsiderate and the apartments are overpriced considering the lack of decent amenities, outdated appliances, old carpet and thin ass walls.

Everywhere can be shitty depending on luck, even if it’s new. Some people luck out with good roommates or a less problematic location. You literally could be fine and have a shitshow next door.

Truth is starting to come out about Accolade’s ant problem and the fact they won’t fix their key fobs for months + the raised rent. (Spoiler the building is infested. Enjoy being bitten by fire ants if you sign there). Ik multiple people at Hub who didn’t have working AC for months, people at nine with drywall and trash all over, mold at KC and Pointe, Arden having roaches and the murder before, Retreat East having hobos in the back, Mercury had a sexual assault last semester, campus crossings being gross in general, etc.

don’t live at the verge. that’s all i have to say. read their Google reviews & you’ll see exactly why

the hub

Living at the verge was the worst experience I’ve ever had with a complex. So many issues and the pricing is ridiculous even compared to other complex housing spikes. I’ve lived at a handful of student housing complexes and regular houses with rooms for rent; the verge is by far the worst.

No first-hand knowledge, but I've always heard bad things about The Hub.

Mercury 3100. Smells like wet dog everywhere, you can tell everyone has dogs or cats due to the poop everywhere. Trash bins overflowing and trash everywhere in the hallways and parking lots. A girl tried to get robbed there last month and management tried to hide it from residents. Giant pot holes in the parking lot getting worse every day. The apartments are just falling apart and it’s so dirty. Halloween weekend, some guys went throwing eggs in multiple hallways and the mold and rotten egg smell is still there.

I have lived at 4 places. The lofts… paper thin walls and impossible to get through their parking lot. Shuttle blocks cars and it causes honking. I frequently wake up to someone honking directly outside my window, I can hear a person’s normal volume conversation outside my window too. Bugs even with pest control. Renovations were “handy man” special. The room they showed me was at least 1/3 bigger than mine, I literally can’t even move the bed because there is only one spot in the room for the bed to fit. I chose the “biggest” room. Our dishwasher is “brand new” yet smells like fishy mold despite no one ever using it. Oh and $14 in electrical overages per person per month and you won’t be able to park within 20 ft of the apartment unless u pay $20 a month for your own spot, which umm people will take when there’s no more room for cars. (Rant over.)

Orion on Orpington is also horrible, no parking and cheap fixes for everything. Our living room flooded bc the ac condensation was dripping into a funnel on top of a pipe and the funnel got clogged so all the water overflowed and went under the wall. The WiFi was out for weeks and they wouldn’t fix it and the best part was when they didn’t pay the electric bill so we had to power for two days. Everywhere around UCF is pretty hit or miss. I live at Tivoli now and our appliances are old asf, the walls are super thin, and the carpet is nasty (of corse they raised out rent tho)

Campus crossings
