POST TITLE: Please tell me your off-campus housing horror stories

I'm in the rough spot of struggling to find a sublease for fall, but I'm worried I'll end up living at the apartment from hell. Please tell me your horror stories from your experiences with off-campus housing. (Management hell/living conditions preferred, but I'll pull out popcorn for roommate stories.)

DO NOT GO TO THE QUAD!! i have had leaks in my living room where they would just patch up the ceiling until it would leak again. at one point the laundry room (which is above the living room) started leaking water from the washer which then trickled down to the living room and they still took forever to fix this issue. we had to threaten them legally to fix it properly and also couldn’t use our washer for 2 months because they took long to replace the actual washer. have had a mice problem for months where at first someone from the leasing office told me to leave a window and door open and maybe the mouse would leave on its own… after we pushed further on this issue they put mouse traps but claimed that there’s no mouse despite food in our pantry getting chewed through. they have these electric door locks where u put a code in instead of using a lock and for the longest it would die after a week of getting the batteries replaced so we had to leave the door unlocked to even get into our apartment and they tried blaming us for the lock battery dying quick because we used it a lot???? (they didn’t do anything about actually fixing the lock until i threatened to call a code enforcer). i’ve also heard some people have had their car towed for parking in reserved parking despite having the decal and paying for a spot, luckily this has never happened to me.

Unfortunately, I already live at The Quad. By the time I move out, I'll have spent almost two years in this hell hole. Our door lock consistently goes out (like every month or two), plus the cockroach problem is consistent (we are quite clean and put in preventative measures).

Moved in at northgate . I walked around the apartment space and after 5 minutes the bottoms of my white socks were almost black. The washing machine had weird gunk inside that thankfully washed away after one load, for a few weeks the dishwasher smelled like something had died in it, and the ice machine in the freezer broke over a year ago and maintenance never came to fix it despite my request for it. The bathroom walls got orange mold on them. Also the ac was broken for the first two days of move in. Don’t sublease/rent at Northgate , they overcharge and the internet tends to suck butt sometimes (but the staff are very nice.) I also had a roommate who was slow to clean their dishes and kinda racist toward my other roommate who I’m friends with 😭

haha

as a current northgate resident i can say that their maintenance team and unit management is horrible. on move-in, there was dust everywhere in my bedroom alone…. literal grime everywhere in my bathroom… debris on the pantry floor. not to mention that our heating was broken and it took them 3 weeks during the january coldfront after the maintenance order to finally fix it…

then our microwave broke because a hole had formed on the inside and they took 2 weeks to replace that, and then they had the audacity to
charge us and accuse us of “putting a fork in there” when all three of us never did it… luckily i dont believe they ever charged us.

the wifi hasnt been that bad as i use an ethernet cable for my pc most of the time

the student staff are very nice but i feel bad that this place gets a bad reputation

canon event, awful roommate with off campus housing, they owed me money and stole money, couldn’t paid me back on time, also wasn’t paying his rent for 4 months. Would eat my food and my other roommate’s food without asking and they would lie about it, they would lie about a whole lot of things it’s disgusting how much they keep lying, would be loud af all night playing with their PS5 in the common space we would have to tell them constantly to be quiet, and would play all day and never go to school or even had a job. After they got evicted, I now hear they’re getting evicted from where they moved in lol..


The Verge is management hell, but I got really lucky with my roommates there. There was also most likely mold in my place.

My roomates bathroom that she just moved out of (knights circle) had mold all over the bathroom. She had tried to clean it out almost every day bless her heart, and when they did inspections they said if the mold isn’t cleaned out they’re sending a fine. Also, another one of my roomates toilet water is hot. Really weird

I live at home but…

I’ve heard from people I know that lived at the verge. They told us the management makes unreasonable requests during the summer in order to clean.

Like I think one of the requests was to move to a temporary room and back like a week later, everything out in a few hours and back.


Verge

Pegasus Landing now called Knights Circle. Same company no one is fooled. Black mold was found in several apartments back in 2010. They decided to start remediating it building by building. I get a card under my door letting me know that I had like 3-4 days to move to a different apartment and it was during fall finals week. I raised hell and told them to fk off. Was forced to move anyways. Bad timing? Terrible management. Moved to an off campus house for cheaper with randos as housemates 100/100 would recommend that over Knights Circle may they burn in hell.


