POST TITLE: On or off campus housing?

I just got accepted and UCF is looking like my top choice rn so I would like to know which is more preferrable between on campus and off campus housing? Thank you

On for the first year. Kinda eliminates that barrier to do more stuff on campus and find what you like and don't like easier. Clubs and such. Then off campus the rest of the time. Once you find you're niche or club or whatever you kinda just learn to manage your time and your money goes further living of campus for the most part.

This is entirely subjective based on the person. You can be anti social or social and have a good/bad experience in either option. This is long but enjoy.

On campus is generally the more desirable choice for freshmen. It’s designed to get students acclimated to being away from home. Convenience of being on campus, deferment options for financial aid and things like FL prepaid, and offers either private or shared bedroom options.

If you remotely think you’d want on campus housing I’d say 1. Pay the housing deposit ASAP - you can pay it before committing. We have a housing problem and it’s not unheard of for freshmen to not get a dorm. 2. Do on campus housing if you think you’d ever want to live on campus bc it is VERY hard to live off campus once you’re not a freshman + you can’t say start living on campus as a junior. Once you live off campus you can’t live on again save for I believe a housing job.

There’s either an annual lease (towers and Northview) which guarantee a private bedroom and in some cases bathroom. Apartment style. Annual lease is a fancier way of saying you get your apartment all year, including breaks. They cost more. The other academic dorms kick you out for break. There’s a few academic dorms with private bedrooms but do not bank on one.

A HUGE benefit of on campus housing is you have some kind of support for roommate issues. What I’m getting at is (depending on the circumstance) you can get a room change. There’s less at stake. Off campus? The complexes won’t care and you’ll be stuck there or find someone to sublease and foot the bill for any months someone doesn’t take. Best case would be a complex letting you pay $$$ to switch rooms if they’re not sold out. Pick your roommates very very wisely lol.

Off campus wise, the complexes vary widely. If you go to a student place (except for Tivoli - which is unfurnished and granted on the cheaper end but not my cup of tea) the complexes use individual leasing. This means that if a roommate backs out of the lease your rent doesn’t go up/you’re only responsible for your part and damage to your room and any shared common areas.

Student complexes can be similar to dorms with lots of students there, shuttles to campus, and resident events. BUT you don’t have to be a student or in an age bracket to live there - you can wind up w a 40yo roommate not in school for example, though this isn’t the norm. Only exception are knights circle and pointe where you have to be a student there bc it’s Ucf affiliated. Pointe has 4x2s (private bedroom shared bathroom) if you want a cheaper off campus option. Knights circle is all private bedroom + bath but as of rn it’s sold out for next year unless you find a sublease.

Most 1/1s in 4/4s (meaning you have your own private bedroom and bathroom with 3 other roommates and 4 people in the apartment total) skew ~$1000 a month these days. May or may not include utilities or parking. The pricing is a broad spectrum. An older/less luxury place like Arden villas, lark, or campus crossings are going to be cheaper compared to accolade, nine, or current where a 4x4 is like $1200 before any add ons.

Off campus will be a 12 month lease. Don’t want to be up at Ucf in the summer? They don’t care, you’re paying for those months unless you find someone to fill your spot and it’s not easy to find someone for summer only. In general, you’d need a guarantor and/or security deposit. If you don’t pay your rent they can and will f up your credit score. On campus you pay as a lump sum per sem and they might be more lenient w payment plans or something.

Huge pro of off campus is the privacy. Most of the complexes are fancier and newer than the dorms. Some have gyms within the building, others a short walk away to the clubhouse. They feel like glorified off campus dorms. Realistically you’ll have to move off campus anyways so some people start off campus freshman year and then renew yearly so they don’t have to move out until graduation. This isn’t really an on campus thing. It’s also typically easier to keep a roommate group together. On campus if you’re super picky you’re better off just rushing for a single bed in your fav place bc adding roommates will make it harder to find X open spots.

Theres also non student complexes. You can research that yourself but basically it’s not individual leasing and comes unfurnished, though it usually skews cheaper if you don’t wind up w roomie rent issues.

If I were you, I’d do on campus housing (personally I’d do towers) just on the basis of convenience.



Definately go on campus for your freshman year if you are able! it makes things easier and can be a lot of fun. Unfortunatly after your freshman year it gets harder to get on campus housing, as we have a lottery system. So after that go off campus. When you look off campus start early in the year! Things tend to sell out quickly, I would say start looking for housing for the next school year around september/october and get your applications in.


On campus is way more convenient and it’s easier to make friends, get involved, ect. In many cases it’s also cheaper

