POST TITLE: Which off campus housing should I move in? (Mercury 3100, Lofts, Hub)

Hello!! I am an incoming transfer trying to find good off-campus housing. I am between three so far and I'm a bit of an over-thinker and really afraid I'll pick the wrong one and be locked in.

Out of these three, which would I pick? I am a very outgoing person and would like a place with active vibes, also clean, and I can't do roaches!!!

Mercury 3100, The Lofts, The Hub.

Thank you!!


Not in the options but based around them and pricing I would suggest plaza! I really had a lovely time there. A lot of people are subleasing and offering discount on rent so that’s a plus!

Don’t do Plaza is you don’t like roaches lol. Plaza is right above restaurants, and that attracts a lot of critters.

I recommend Northgate Lakes or Tivoli. The Loft could be good. I stayed at Northgate for my last 2 years of college. It’s quiet, directly across the street from campus, with Publix down the street within walking distance.

Don’t do Plaza, don’t do Verge (TERRIBLE), and don’t do Lark. I wouldn’t even do Mercury 3100, it’s kinda raggedy over there lol.


I wouldn’t recommend lofts tbh. It’s way over priced for the way they treat tenants.

If you aren’t looking at the price tag, I would recommend Plaza, Accolade, Aves (2x2), Arden (1x1 & 2x2), and the Nine

Please avoid housing that don’t have elevators.

I currently live at Plaza and not going to lie, i did have roaches in my second unit. Pest control and my home remedies drove them out immediately

Arden (at least from what I’ve always seen) doesn’t have elevators. I’d say plaza is actually way more maintained than Arden. Everyone I knew there moved in for the price and huge rooms and moved out from bugs galore and crap management. There’s a lot of issues lurking post hurricane water damage even with the “renovations.” I’m not trying to be negative but I don’t know one person there who didn’t have an extreme bug problem lol.

Nine is newer so more luxurious but has a lot of management issues. Feels more slapped together.

Aves is hit or miss depending on your unit. Location is great. Ik some people with bugs. Everyone ik there hates the leasing office.

Accolade is usually considered the best of all these listed. It also tends to be the most expensive. As someone who lived at west, it’s decent. East is pretty much the same just smaller. Luxury amenities but was on the rowdier side. The front main building is way better maintained than the others. Parking situation is overpriced and a shitshow. Some people (myself included) have had issues with bugs but it’s not as bad as other places. We had a lot of issues with homeless people getting into the buildings and key fobs on doors breaking that they had to address but it’s less frequent now. Location is amazing as far as being by campus and walking distance to places.

I lived at hub (granted a few years ago) and loved it. The only big cons imo were they didn’t have 1 beds (for when I was ready for my own space but you’ll always get your own bedroom and bathroom just in a roomie situation) and it’s further from campus. On the flip side location was great as far as being walking distance to a Publix and restaurants.

What’s your budget and is there anything you’re looking for as far as amenities or vibes? Hub is the nicest and newest out of those you’ve listed but there’s since been newer complexes.


I know some people have recommended plaza….. but im here to say find something better. Roommate had a bed bugs problem upon move in because the carpet was infested with them (while they dont have carpet anymore and renovated it to hardwood its a little better). Its EXTREMELY LOUD. Roomed right on the corner above bar louie and it was constant yelling from bar goers, cars with no mufflers on the streets, and constant police sirens. All of the three sounds only got louder as the night went on. Not to mention the elevators…. It may seem nice to have an elevator in the apartment complex until it breaks every month and you have to walk 5 flights of stairs with heavy groceries. Not to mention the multiple times both the parking garage and apartment elevators were broken at the same time. Dirty hallways and overall unfortunate parking situations. The parking garage constantly has speeders that cut the corners way too fast, im surprised i havent gotten hit yet.

TLDR: this place is way to expensive for the type of apartment you are paying for.

Mercury is pretty good cuz they have good sized rooms and the unit itself is pretty spacious. Slight problem with raccoons outside but I never had a problem with roaches


